docs: correct the case that autoPromotionSeconds feature is ignored (#2388)
argoproj/argo-rollouts: docs/features/bluegreen.md

Defaults to true

### autoPromotionSeconds

> The AutoPromotionSeconds will make the rollout automatically promote the new ReplicaSet to active Service after the AutoPromotionSeconds time has passed since the rollout has entered a paused state. If the `AutoPromotionEnabled` field is set to false, this field will be ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting a positive non-zero value here would make the rollout automatically promote the new `ReplicaSet` to active Service after this much time has been elapsed since the rollout has entered a paused state. If the `AutoPromotionEnabled` field is set to **false**, this field would be ignored.
```
